Ka'het: Death in the Graveyard (#11756)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/kahet/kahet missions.txt

			choice
				`	(Continue the descent.)`
				`	(Stop your ship and prepare for a fight.)`
				`	(Turn around and leave.)`
					depart
			`	A few seconds pass before the proximity alert sounds again. And this time, you see it. You shine your ship's floodlights at it, revealing the clear, translucent figure of a partly cloaked Ka'het. It flickers, its various sections becoming more and less transparent seemingly at random.`
			`	Even stranger, it isn't facing toward you, nor does it appear to have reacted in any way. It is simply floating next to you, slowly descending as it puffs clouds of vapor from its upper body. There is nothing indicating that it might be ready to attack, though that could change in a matter of seconds.`
			choice
				`	(Take your chance and attack it.)`
					to display
						"armament deterrence" > 0
					goto attack
				`	(Move closer, carefully.)`
				`	(Keep your distance.)`
				`	(Turn around and leave.)`
					depart

> 			`	Minutes pass, and the Maeri'het continues to show no reaction of any kind to your presence. By the time you complete a fly-around, you both have almost reached the ground; a few metallic panels detach from the Ka'het's shell just as it touches down, and balloons start inflating out of the resulting holes.`

Reviewer: There was no previous indication that this is a Maeri'het.

Author: Added

> 			`	Minutes pass, and the Maeri'het continues to show no reaction of any kind to your presence. By the time you complete a fly-around, you both have almost reached the ground; a few metallic panels detach from the Ka'het's shell just as it touches down, and balloons start inflating out of the resulting holes.`

Author: It's a single object staying mostly still, probably a hundred meters long at most. I see no reason it should take anything but minutes

				goto dead
			label attack

> 			`	You hurriedly warm up your weapons and set the targeting computer on the enemy. With the press of a button you unleash all your wrath on the Ka'het - so much that the first shot seems to encounter no shield, penetrating deep beneath the skin of the slug. The Maeri'het lists to starboard and starts falling rapidly; a few metallic panels detach from its shell right before it reaches the ground, and balloons rapidly inflate out of the resulting holes.`

Author: Removing hurriedly should work for the first; to account for the unarmed case, I added a small 'fleet' branch instead

				defer
	on decline
		outfit "Neodymium"
		outfit "Iron" 7
		outfit "Copper" 3
	on visit
		dialog `You have returned to <planet>, but you haven't met up with Plume on Aventine, or his ship hasn't arrived yet.`
	npc accompany save
		to spawn
			has "Ka'het: Death in the Graveyard 2: offered"
		system "Pantica"
		government "Remnant"
		personality timid launching escort
		ship "Gull (Support)" "Late Season Dancing"
	on enter Pantica
		dialog `A quick check of the ship identifiers reveals that Plume's ship is currently landing at Pantica. You seize the chance to hail them and bring them up to date with your findings.`

mission "Ka'het: Death in the Graveyard 2"
	invisible
	landing
	source "Aventine"
	to offer
		has "Ka'het: Death in the Graveyard 1: active"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`It must be winter here on <planet>: the chilly valleys that normally surround the starport are covered by a thick layer of snow, and you can see your ship's anti-icing fluids being sprayed automatically over the cockpit window. You find Plume waiting for you right on the landing pad he indicated to you on your way down, not far from a group of Pelicans and a lone Gull.`

Author: No, but given that the period of Aventine is only 270 days, and that the season is only mentioned here (only as a guess from the narration), it should be fine

			`	"No better time to skip the pleasantries," he begins, rubbing his arms in the cold. He seems severely under-dressed for the weather. You invite him to come aboard, but he stops at the airlock's door. "I am sorry. This time I already have my ride for the mission. We have prepared the Gull based on your instructions - the machinery we intend to recover from the slug will need an appropriately large cargo hold."`
			choice
				`	"What happened with that Maeri'het?"`
					goto what
				`	"My fleet would have sufficed."`
					to display
						"total ships" > 1
				`	"My ship would have sufficed."`
					to display
						"total ships" == 1

> 			`	"I can believe that!" he replies, quickly glancing around the payload bay. "Outfitting a ship for the mission would take time that we do not have right now.`

Author: Added

			label what

> 			`	"The Ka'het, as you know, are part mechanical and part biological. What may be news to you, however, is their biological self is suppressed most of the time: we have been able to determine that their stellar navigation and system management is completely left to their programming," he signs, with an unusual look of aversion in his eyes.`

Reviewer: "is their biological self" -> "is that their biological self"

				goto outfit
			label skip
			`	He seems amused. "I had a feeling you would wonder about that. No need to worry, <first>, we have left something for you as well."`
			label outfit
			`	He accompanies you toward two large containers, conveniently placed next to your ship, and unlocks the doors: one contains a pair of MHD Generators, and the other a pair of Shield Restorers. "We had to uninstall a number of systems to gain access to the ones we were looking for. Most of them were damaged in the process, but we made sure to keep these intact as a way to thank you for your contribution before leaving for <planet>."`
			action
				outfit "Ka'het MHD Generator" 2
				outfit "Ka'het Shield Restorer" 2
			choice
				`	"Thank you."`
					accept
				`	"I may not have enough space for them."`
			`	"Oh, I am sure an experienced captain like you will be able to find a place to hide a stash of them around these parts," he signs in an amused fashion. "See you on <planet>!"`
				accept
	on complete
		conversation
			branch rifle
				has "Remnant: Face to Maw 2B: offered"

> 			`You wait for Plume next to the ramp of his Gull. When you see him, he is discussing the destination of the Ka'het machinery with another Remnant. "Oh, Captain," he turns to you contentedly, "Thank you once again for your help. I have been trying to make some arrangements in order to simplify things in the future. The technician I was just speaking with has shown interest in the Ka'het, and kindly accepted the job of putting their machinery in safe storage whenever you bring more of it."`

Reviewer: Theoretically this paragraph could be split, the second half being the same in both branches.

Author: Split

			`	It doesn't seem too inclined on answering any more questions, and swiftly walks away.`
				decline

mission "Ka'het: Death in the Graveyard 1"
	landing
	name "Odd Ka'het"

> 	description "Find a Remnant who can help you with the downed Ka'het in <destination>."

Reviewer 2: The description here doesn't make sense after you've met with Plume and are going back to the downed Ka'het.

Author: Changed to "Find a Remnant who can help you with the downed Ka'het and accompany them to \<destination>."

	source
		planet "Celeatis" "Eavine" "Palarei" "Siteria" "Alix" "Retilie" "Osaeli"

> 	stopover "Aventine"

Author: Because it's offered on a random planet, and you need to return to that same random planet

			label report
			`	Once the engines are back running you take a second to reason over the best course of action. The choice falls on a trip to Aventine: if there's anyone who will want to hear about this, it has to be Plume's laboratory.`
				accept
			label blow
			action
				outfit "Neodymium"
				outfit "Iron" 7
				outfit "Copper" 3
			`	The Ka'het crumbles under the strength of your firepower, collapsing onto itself within seconds. Some parts of its body are blown away from the carcass, still mostly intact, while the machinery takes more effort to destroy; by the time you're done, nothing is left of it but a puddle of organic material and some scrap metal. After searching through the debris, you eventually find some materials precious enough to sell raw.`
				defer
	on visit
		dialog `You have returned to <planet>, but you haven't met up with Plume on Aventine, or his ship hasn't arrived yet.`
	npc accompany save
		to spawn
			has "Ka'het: Death in the Graveyard 2: offered"
		system "Pantica"
		government "Remnant"
		personality timid launching escort
		ship "Gull (Support)" "Late Season Dancing"

> 	on enter Pantica

Reviewer 2: For whatever reason this doesn't trigger when I enter Pantica.

mission "Ka'het: Death in the Graveyard 4A"
	landing
	name "Disassembled Ka'het"
	description "Escort Plume and his crew back to <destination> safely while they transport the Ka'het components gathered during the mission on <origin>."
	destination "Aventine"
	to offer
		has "Ka'het: Death in the Graveyard 3: done"
	on offer
		conversation
			`The face of the Maeri'het has been pried open, showing a complex grid of wires running all over the flesh of the slug. Machinery of all kinds surround the ship, from sets of cylinders making a faint, purplish glow to spherical containers covered in a blue liquid of some kind.`
			`	The largest components have been moved atop some sort of anti-gravity plating, lifting them above the terrain but otherwise requiring a human to push them somewhere. You give the Remnant a hand transporting a few pieces out of the carcass; despite the help of the plating, their sheer inertia makes the activity exhausting. Once inside their Gull, the Remnant attach the Ka'het machinery to the adapters onboard and power them with their instrumentation.`

> 			`	"According to the transponder, its name was Nona-caci'het," reveals Plume. "It had lived for just over 500 years, almost as long as we Remnant have existed. It fought thousands of battles, the last of which," he reads stoically from a datapad, "was with another Maeri'het just over two months ago. Since then, the only other lifeform it has seen was when it descended into a planetary atmosphere to shell a few specimens of an amphibian animal it classified as foe."`

Reviewer: I think it's valid as-is. Dropping the indefinite article makes it sound like older English, but...this is a Remnant speaking, it's fine for his speech patterns to be different.

			choice
				`	"Why did it die?"`
				`	"I did not know they did that."`
					goto foe
				`	"Are its outfits intact?"`
					goto skip
			`	"Ah, hard to say. They suffer so much battle damage over their lifetimes that their entire bodies get covered with patches and scars. Still, we have run some scans so that the laboratory back on <planet> can determine more."`
				goto honest
			label foe

> 			`	"Oh, not only do they, but the vast majority of Ka'het attack victims are surface-dwelling animals. Countless species have been driven to extinction over the past tens of thousands of years by their hunting. For the foreseeable future, the Graveyard will continue to live up to its name."`

Reviewer: The previous line was "I did not know they did that" so this response is valid as-is.

				goto firepower
			label engage
			`	"Ah, I am afraid so. Its programming may be telling it to heal it, but the slug will grow more frustrated with each failed attempt. You see, one of the functions left under the control of the biological side is the combat. It may not be able to decide to stop trying to heal it, but it can decide to register it as a foe, destroy it, and then leave freely as if it was never there," he concludes with a cold chant.`
			label firepower
			`	"And thus, the Telis is a threat to the Remnant xenobiological interests. If you have enough firepower to do so, I ask you to attack the Ka'het and lead it away, so that we can loot the carcass while it is still useful."`
			choice
				`	(Open fire.)`
				`	"Sorry, but I'm not prepared for such a fight."`
					goto weak
			`	You put one hand on the throttle, and with the other pitch down toward the surface. The Gull engages its cloak as you fire the first shot, missing both Ka'het by a few meters to avoid damaging the corpse of the Maeri. Soon, a furious Telis follows you back into space, and the real battle begins.`
				launch
			label weak

> 			`	"Neither are we," the intercom chants in unison. "This project is thus aborted, seeing as there is no practical way to complete it. Our group can split here: the return route is well explored, and our tanks have enough propellant to stay cloaked until reaching safer territory."`

Reviewer 3: Maybe the part that doesn't make sense is that the intercom (singular) chants in unison (plural). Maybe
```suggestion
			`	"Neither are we," other voices on the intercom chant in unison. "This project is thus aborted, seeing as there is no practical way to complete it. Our group can split here: the return route is well explored, and our tanks have enough propellant to stay cloaked until reaching safer territory."`
```

			label honest
			`	He shrugs. "I have a hard time considering the Ka'het the same way as most lifeforms. They do not follow any of the rules that constrain evolution: they do not collaborate, they do not take part in a food chain, and even more, they do not even reproduce! Their internal organs are not set up like a living being, but like a spaceship, shaped for ease of maintenance and replacement.`
			`	"Void Sprite research has only restarted recently, as you know well. As such, the typical curriculum of a xenobiologist is focused on symbionts, Korath, creatures indigenous of Ember Waste planets, and lastly the Ka'het. But in reality, little of the design or behavior of a Ka'het can be described by biology. Most of the discoveries in that field were done decades, if not centuries ago - it is a straightforward, even mechanical, design. There is a reason if our engineers can choose to specialize in the Ka'het, while there is no branch of xenobiology covering it in detail."`
			choice
				`	"I see."`
					goto outfit
				`	"What is the difference with Remnant ships?"`
			branch living
				or
					has "event: remnant: cognizance merganser"
					has "event: remnant: penguin"

> 			`	"We have not quite gotten to the point of true live ships," he replies with a quick glance at his Gull, "but we should be close, from what I have seen."`

Author: No, the intention was to make the next paragraph generic enough to be used in either branch with the addition of this short clarification

				goto outfit
			label skip
			`	He seems amused. "I had a feeling you would wonder about that. No need to worry, <first>, we have left something from you as well."`
			label outfit
			`	He accompanies you toward two large containers, conveniently placed next to your ship. He unlocks the doors: one contains a pair of MHD Generators, and the other a pair of Shield Restorers. "We had to uninstall a number of systems to gain access to the ones we were looking for. Most of them were damaged in the process, but we made sure to keep these intact as a way to thank you for your contribution before leaving for <planet>."`
			action
				outfit "Ka'het MHD Generator" 2
				outfit "Ka'het Shield Restorer" 2
			choice
				`	"Thank you."`
					accept
				`	"I may not have enough space for them."`

> 			`	"Oh, I am sure an experienced captain like you will be able to find a place where to hide a stash of them around these parts," he signs amused. "See you on <planet>!"`

Author: I'm actually not sure, the wiki doesn't say and I assumed they would be put in storage when writing this. I don't think that would make sense though, you need an outfitter for that. I'll test

> 			`	"Oh, I am sure an experienced captain like you will be able to find a place where to hide a stash of them around these parts," he signs amused. "See you on <planet>!"`

Reviewer 3: Ah, the sell cargo on uninhabited planets bug. 
That's fine, then.

			branch rifle
				has "Remnant: Face to Maw 2B: offered"
			`	"I have assigned one of our technicians to handle the Ka'het machinery you might bring us." The picture and id of a Remnant appears on screen, but you don't recognize him. "May the Embers bring more success in our future endeavors!"`
				decline
			label rifle
			`	"I have assigned one of our technicians to handle the Ka'het machinery you might bring us." The picture and id of a Remnant appears on screen: he is the same person that had previously helped you have your Void Rifle. "May the Embers bring more success in our future endeavors!"`
				decline

> mission "Ka'het: Another Death in the Graveyard 0A"

Author: 0A offers first; it only exists because 0B and 1 are meant to offer at the same time, but if I were to put a `random` in both I believe it would run twice with different results. Thus, 0A runs the `random` that makes the repeatable encounter happen the next time you land in an acceptable planet.

0B is also invisible; if you stay to loot the Ka'het it spawns the other Ka'het that attacks you (`to spawn` conditions), whereas otherwise it will not spawn anything and will fail whenever you complete 1, which is the only on that appears in the mission board and has you take the stuff gathered to Aventine.

The stupid naming is only because otherwise I had issues getting them offered (originally 1A and 1B), I don't know if I should change them

			`	The Ka'het at last emits an uncomfortably loud whistle, reducing in intensity over the minutes pass until disappearing completely. The Ka'het sits motionless at the bottom of what looks like a dry riverbed, surrounded by nothing but you and the calm night sky.`
			choice
				`	(Report it to the Remnant.)`
					goto report
				`	(Blow it into pieces.)`
					to display
						"armament deterrence" > 0
					goto blow
				`	(Land next to it and don your EVA suit.)`
			`	You instinctively check your sidearm with your hand while walking down the stairway, knowing well how futile it would be in this situation. Despite being the smallest of the Ka'het you have seen, the Maeri'het remains still intimidatingly large. No longer cloaked, you notice a fluid coming down from its sides, starting right from the slug itself. It covers the entire landing zone, and some of it has almost reached your ship.`
			`	For an instant, you entertain the thought of looting its outfits. But as if it was reading your mind, the Maeri'het hits you with another cloud of warm, pale vapor, making your suit send an overheat warning. Defeated, you turn around and climb back to your cockpit.`
			label report

> 			`	With the course set and the engines back running, you take a second to reason over the best course of action. The choice falls on a trip to Aventine: if there's anyone who will want to hear about this, it has to be Plume's laboratory.`

Author: The conversation happens when you have barely taken off, you are just leaving the planet in the moment.  Changed to `Once the engines are back running you take a second to reason over the best course of action.` for clarity

					decline
			`	Following Plume's videos step by step, the whole procedure turns out to be quite straightforward and clean. After a little more than an hour your cargo bay has filled with Ka'het machinery of all kinds, connected to the Research Laboratory with a series of increasingly cumbersome adapters one after another. Now that the job is done, you could spend some more time looting the slug's conventional outfits - with the caveat that the chances of another Ka'het noticing your presence would be quite high.`
			choice
				`	(Depart and bring the machinery to Aventine.)`
					launch
				`	(Stop and loot what is left of the Ka'het.)`
			action
				set "ka'het: slug loot"
			`	As you expected, before you have the chance to bring out any of its outfits your radar registers another Ka'het coming into the atmosphere with guns raised. You will need to fight it if you want the chance to loot the downed slug - or else, it will reach it by itself and likely destroy it.`
				launch
	on decline
		clear "ka'het: maeri"
		clear "ka'het: telis"
		clear "ka'het: vareti"
	on complete
		clear "ka'het: maeri"
		clear "ka'het: telis"
		clear "ka'het: vareti"
		dialog

> 			`You meet up with the Remnant technician at the indicated coordinates and drop the cargo you have gathered one by one. After you're done, he thanks you with a short bow and quickly disappears behind a hangar door.`

Author: My thinking was 'no', but I guess it does not make much of a difference to add a small sum. I've added 100,000 credits

			`	It doesn't seem too inclined on answering any more questions, and swiftly walks away.`
				decline

mission "Ka'het: Death in the Graveyard 1"
	landing
	name "Odd Ka'het"
	description "Find a Remnant who can help you with the downed Ka'het in <destination>."
	source
		planet "Celeatis" "Eavine" "Palarei" "Siteria" "Alix" "Retilie" "Osaeli"
	stopover "Aventine"
	to offer
		has "Remnant: Cognizance 19: done"
		or
			not "builder signal"
			has "Ka'het: Voice From The Past 5: offered"
		random < 15
		not "remnant: dusk busy"
		has "event: remnant: lab availability"
	on offer
		conversation
			`After setting course toward the surface, you feel comfortable enough to leave the cloche and let the autopilot do the job. It's a calm, cloudless night on this part of <planet>; a rare sight in the Graveyard, and indeed in most of the Ember Wastes. With all but the essential lights turned off, you catch the opportunity to relax for a few minutes on your chair, watching the evolving landscape below and the night sky above.`

> 			`	Your ship's proximity alert breaks the silence without any warning. And then, before you have the time to reach the cloche, it turns quiet once again. A quick glance out of the window is enough to confirm that you're still fairly high up, and the ship's radar does not reveal anything of interest - at least, not currently. As you press on a couple buttons to see the data recorded, you see what looks like a large mass flicker for a few seconds a hundred meters away from your ship during the time the alarm was playing.`

Reviewer 2: Just a suggestion, but this feels a bit clearer to me.
```suggestion
			`	Your ship's proximity alert breaks the silence without any warning. And then, before you have the time to reach the control wheel, it turns quiet once again. A quick glance out of the window is enough to confirm that you're still fairly high up, and the ship's radar does not reveal anything of interest - at least, not currently. As you press on a couple buttons to see what your ship recorded, you see what looks like a large mass flicker for a few seconds a hundred meters away from your ship during the time the alarm was playing.`
```

Reviewer 3: alternate
```suggestion
			`	Your ship's proximity alert breaks the silence without any warning. And then, before you have the time to reach the control panel, it turns quiet once again. A quick glance out of the window is enough to confirm that you're still fairly high up, and the ship's radar does not reveal anything of interest - at least, not currently. As you press on a couple buttons to see what your ship recorded, you see what looks like a large mass flicker for a few seconds a hundred meters away from your ship during the time the alarm was playing.`
```

		system "Pantica"
		government "Remnant"
		personality timid launching escort
		ship "Gull (Support)" "Late Season Dancing"

mission "Ka'het: Death in the Graveyard 2"
	invisible
	landing
	source "Aventine"
	to offer
		has "Ka'het: Death in the Graveyard 1: active"
	on offer
		conversation
			`It must be winter here on <planet>: the chilly valleys that normally surround the starport are covered by a thick layer of snow, and you can see your ship's anti-icing fluids being sprayed automatically over the cockpit window. You find Plume waiting for you right on the landing pad he indicated to you on your way down, not far from a group of Pelicans and a lone Gull.`
			`	"No better chance to skip the pleasantries, eh?" he begins, rubbing his arms in the cold. He seems severely under-dressed for the weather. You invite him to come aboard, but he stops at the airlock's door. "Sorry, but this time I already have my ride for the mission. We have prepared the Gull out there based on your instructions - the machinery we want to loot will need an appropriately large cargo hold."`
			choice
				`	"What happened with that Maeri'het?"`
					goto what

> 				`	"My fleet would have sufficed."`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
				`	"My fleet would have sufficed."`
					to display
						"total ships" > 1
				`	"My ship would have sufficed."`
					to display
						"total ships" == 1
```

			`	"Still, like most biological beings, after their nominal lifetime of hundreds of years, they can start dying of old age. When this happens, they enter a hibernation state, calling for a Builder in the hope of being rescued. Of course, no help is coming.`
			`	"We have observed," he continues while reading from a datapad, "other Ka'het try to patch them up as best as they can after some time, presumably following their own programming to do so. It is very unusual to find the corpse of one just laying there alone. We are interested in more or less anything that cannot be extracted from the carcass of one of their kind. Memory banks, logic terminals, and in general, all parts of their mechanical brain that usually will not survive critical battle damage."`
			`	Despite the sign language, you notice that he seemed strikingly halfhearted compared to the previous times you have encountered him. As he heads toward his Gull, the Late Season Dancing, you can't help but wonder why.`
				decline

mission "Ka'het: Death in the Graveyard 3"
	landing
	name "Angry Ka'het"

> 	description "Destroy the Telis'het in <system> to prevent it from destroying the Ka'het on the surface."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	description "Destroy the Telis'het in <system> to prevent it from destroying the Ka'het on the surface of <planet>."
```
alternate
```suggestion
	description "Destroy the Telis'het in <system> to prevent it from destroying the Maeri'het on the surface of <planet>."
```

			choice
				`	"Let's wait for it to leave then."`
				`	"Should I engage it?"`
					goto engage
			`	"Ah, it is not that easy. Its programming may be telling it to heal it, but the slug will grow more frustrated with each failed attempt. You see, one of the functions left under the control of the biological side is the combat. It may not be able to decide to stop trying to heal it, but it can decide to register it as a foe, destroy it, and then leave freely as if it was never there," he concludes with a cold chant.`
				goto firepower
			label engage
			`	"Ah, I am afraid so. Its programming may be telling it to heal it, but the slug will grow more frustrated with each failed attempt. You see, one of the functions left under the control of the biological side is the combat. It may not be able to decide to stop trying to heal it, but it can decide to register it as a foe, destroy it, and then leave freely as if it was never there," he concludes with a cold chant.`
			label firepower

> 			`	"And thus, the Telis is a threat to the Remnant xenobiological interests. If you have enough firepower to do so, I ask you to attack the Ka'het and lead it away, so that we can loot the carcass while it is still useful."`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	"And thus, the Telis is a threat to the Remnant's xenobiological interests. If you have enough firepower to do so, I ask you to attack the Ka'het and lead it away, so that we can loot the carcass while it is still useful."`
```

mission "Ka'het: Death in the Graveyard 4A"
	landing
	name "Disassembled Ka'het"
	description "Escort Plume and his crew back to <destination> safely while they transport the Ka'het components gathered during the mission on <origin>."
	destination "Aventine"
	to offer
		has "Ka'het: Death in the Graveyard 3: done"
	on offer
		conversation
			`The face of the Maeri'het has been pried open, showing a complex grid of wires running all over the flesh of the slug. Machinery of all kinds surround the ship, from sets of cylinders making a faint, purplish glow to spherical containers covered in a blue liquid of some kind.`
			`	The largest components have been moved atop some sort of anti-gravity plating, lifting them above the terrain but otherwise requiring a human to push them somewhere. You give the Remnant a hand transporting a few pieces out of the carcass; despite the help of the plating, their sheer inertia makes the activity exhausting. Once inside their Gull, the Remnant couple the Ka'het machinery with the adapters onboard and power them with their instrumentation.`

> 			`	"According to the transponder, its name was Nona-caci'het," reveals Plume. "It had lived for just over 500 years, almost as long as we Remnant have existed. It fought thousands of battles, the last of which," he reads stoically from a datapad, "was with another Maeri'het just over two months ago. Since then, the only other lifeform it has seen was when it descended into a planetary atmosphere to shell a few specimens of an amphibian animal it classified as foe."`

Reviewer 3: Would that be this planet's atmosphere? Might be worth clarifying.

Author: I preferred to keep it generic, as the planet this happens in is random

			choice
				`	"Why did it die?"`
				`	"I did not know they did that."`
					goto foe
				`	"Are its outfits intact?"`
					goto skip
			`	"Ah, hard to say. They suffer so much battle damage over their lifetime that their entire bodies get covered with patches and scars. Still, we have run some scans so that the laboratory back on <planet> can determine more."`
				goto honest
			label foe

> 			`	"Oh, not only they do, but the vast majority of Ka'het attack victims are animals on the ground. Countless species have been driven to extinction over the past tens of thousands of years by their hunting. For the foreseeable future, the Graveyard will continue live up to its name."`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	"Oh, not only they do, but the vast majority of Ka'het attack victims are animals on the ground. Countless species have been driven to extinction over the past tens of thousands of years by their hunting. For the foreseeable future, the Graveyard will continue to live up to its name."`
```

			choice
				`	"I see."`
					goto outfit
				`	"What is the difference with Remnant ships?"`
			branch living
				or
					has "event: remnant: cognizance merganser"
					has "event: remnant: penguin"
			`	"We have not quite gotten to the point of true live ships," he replies with a quick glance at his Gull, "but we should be close, from what I have seen.`
			label living
			`	"As far as I am concerned, the key difference lies in the role left to the being in question. Our paradigm is not to take an organism, inhibit it when we don't need it, and build around it the true spaceship. No, our whole ship is built in the same manner as a biological organism, to the point where it would be impossible to split it into a mechanical and biological portion. The relationship between the crew and the ship will never go beyond what is between a Remnant and their symbiont: both capable of going their own way, but mutually benefiting from their relationship."`
				goto outfit
			label skip
			`	He seems amused. "I had a feeling you would wonder about that. No need to worry, <first>, we have left something for you as well."`
			label outfit

> 			`	He accompanies you toward two large containers, conveniently placed next to your ship. He unlocks the doors: one contains a pair of MHD Generators, and the other a pair of Shield Restorers. "We had to uninstall a number of systems to gain access to the ones we were looking for. Most of them were damaged in the process, but we made sure to keep these intact as a way to thank you for your contribution before leaving for <planet>."`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	He accompanies you toward two large containers, conveniently placed next to your ship, and unlocks the doors: one contains a pair of MHD Generators, and the other a pair of Shield Restorers. "We had to uninstall a number of systems to gain access to the ones we were looking for. Most of them were damaged in the process, but we made sure to keep these intact as a way to thank you for your contribution before leaving for <planet>."`
```

			action
				outfit "Ka'het MHD Generator" 2
				outfit "Ka'het Shield Restorer" 2
			choice
				`	"Thank you."`
					accept
				`	"I may not have enough space for them."`
			`	"Oh, I am sure an experienced captain like you will be able to find a place to hide a stash of them around these parts," he signs in an amused fashion. "See you on <planet>!"`
				accept
	on complete
		conversation
			branch rifle
				has "Remnant: Face to Maw 2B: offered"

> 			`You wait for Plume next to the ramp of his Gull. When you see him, he is discussing the destination of the Ka'het machinery with another Remnant. "Oh, Captain," he signs contentedly, "Thank you once again for your help. I have been trying to make some arrangements in order to simplify things in the future. The technician I was just speaking with has shown interest in the Ka'het, and kindly accepted the job of putting their machinery in safe storage whenever you bring more of it."`

Author: Changed to `"Oh, Captain," he turns to you contentedly, "Thank you once again for your help.[...]"`

				goto choice
			label telis
			action
				set "ka'het: telis"
			`A glare from the ground catches your attention. In the distance, you notice what looks like a Telis'het lying down at the bottom of a dry lake bed, with large solar wings coming out of its sides - all clear signs of a slug that has gone into hibernation, and is going to die soon. With the guides that Plume gave you, you could use your Research Laboratory to significantly help the Remnant efforts.`
				goto choice
			label vareti
			action
				set "ka'het: vareti"
			`A glare from the ground catches your attention. In the distance, you notice what looks like a Vareti'het lying down at the bottom of a dried basin, with large solar wings coming out of its sides - all clear signs of a slug that has gone into hibernation, and is going to die soon. With the guides that Plume gave you, you could use your Research Laboratory to significantly help the Remnant efforts.`
			label choice
			choice
				`	(Descend and try to remove its machinery.)`
				`	(Ignore it and find another place to land.)`
					decline

> 			`	Following Plume's videos step by step, the whole procedure turns out to be quite straightforward and clean. After a little more than an hour your cargo bay has filled with Ka'het machinery of all kinds, connected to the Research Laboratory with a series of increasingly cumbersome adapters. Now that the job is done, you could spend some more time looting the slug's conventional outfits - with the caveat that the chances of another Ka'het noticing your presence would be quite high.`

Reviewer 3: Could you read the name from the Research Laboratory?

Author: Of the Ka'het? Possibly, I could add the list of names from the phrases

Reviewer 3: sure

Author: TIL. Used `You label them with the name of the Ka'het, which appears to have been ${ka'het}.`

			choice
				`	(Depart and bring the machinery to Aventine.)`
					launch
				`	(Stop and loot what is left of the Ka'het.)`
			action
				set "ka'het: slug loot"
			`	As you expected, before you have the chance to bring out any of its outfits your radar registers another Ka'het coming into the atmosphere with guns raised. You will need to fight it if you want the chance to loot the downed slug - or else, it will reach it by itself and likely destroy it.`
				launch
	on decline
		clear "ka'het: maeri"
		clear "ka'het: telis"
		clear "ka'het: vareti"
	on complete
		clear "ka'het: maeri"
		clear "ka'het: telis"
		clear "ka'het: vareti"
		payment 100000
		dialog
			`You meet up with the Remnant technician at the indicated coordinates and drop the cargo you have gathered one by one. After you're done, he thanks you with a short bow and quickly disappears behind a hangar door.`

> 	on abort

Author: I can't find anything that might be messed up by this, so sure

				outfit "Ka'het Annihilator Turret" 4
				outfit "Ka'het Ravager Turret"
				outfit "Ka'het EMP Deployer" 2
				outfit "EMP Torpedo" 13
				
				outfit "Ka'het Grand Restorer" 2
				outfit "Ka'het MHD Generator" 6
				outfit "Ka'het Reserve Accumulator" 8
				outfit "Ka'het Primary Cooling"
				outfit "Ka'het Support Cooling"
				
				outfit "Vareti Engine Block"
				outfit "Hyperdrive"
			`	Despite the apparent damage, the structure holds up surprisingly well to your careful looting. It takes a while, but you successfully extract all of the outfits carried aboard the downed Vareti'het!`
				decline

			label energy
			branch energy_telis
				has "ka'het: telis"
			branch energy_vareti
				has "ka'het: vareti"
			action
				outfit "Ka'het MHD Generator" 2
				outfit "Ka'het Reserve Accumulator"
			`	Deep inside the shell of the Maeri'het, you use a blowtorch to cut the MHD Generators out of their fittings and uninstall the Reserve Accumulators from their banks. Over the hours, you are able to make a nice stash in your cargo hold before you leave.`
				decline
			label energy_telis
			action
				outfit "Ka'het MHD Generator" 4
				outfit "Ka'het Reserve Accumulator"

> 			`	Deep inside the shell of the Telis'het, you use a blowtorch to cut the MHD Generators out of their fittings and uninstall the Reserve Accumulators from their banks. Over the hours, you are able to make a good stash in your cargo hold before you leave.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	Deep inside the shell of the Telis'het, you use a blowtorch to cut the MHD Generators out of their fittings and uninstall the Reserve Accumulators from their banks. Over a few hours, you are able to make a good stash in your cargo hold before you leave.`
```

				decline

			label weapon
			branch weapon_maeri_EMP
				has "ka'het: maeri"
				random < 50
			branch weapon_telis_gun
				has "ka'het: telis"
				random < 50
			branch weapon_telis_EMP
				has "ka'het: telis"
			branch weapon_vareti_gun
				has "ka'het: vareti"
				random < 50
			branch weapon_vareti_EMP
				has "ka'het: vareti"
			action
				outfit "Ka'het Annihilator Turret" 2
				outfit "Ka'het Ravager Turret" 2
				outfit "Ka'het Ravager Beam" 2
			`	The front of this Maeri'het appears to have been set up to focus on hull damage: a pair of Ravager Beams and another of Ravager Turrets show prominently, plus a couple of Annihilator Turrets on the back. You disconnect them from their base plates, making sure not to damage any of their fragile targeting systems, and move them all to your cargo hold.`
				decline
			label weapon_maeri_EMP
			action
				outfit "EMP Torpedo" 32
				outfit "Ka'het Ravager Turret"
				outfit "Ka'het EMP Deployer" 2
				outfit "Ka'het Annihilator Turret" 3

> 			`	The front of this Maeri'het appears to have been set up for electronic warfare: a pair of EMP Deployers with their storage rack show prominently, plus a couple of Annihilator Turrets on the back. You disconnect them from their base plates, making sure not to damage any of its fragile targeting system, and move them all to your cargo hold.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	The front of this Maeri'het appears to have been set up for electronic warfare: a pair of EMP Deployers with their storage rack show prominently, plus a couple of Annihilator Turrets on the back. You disconnect them from their base plates, making sure not to damage any of their fragile targeting systems, and move them all to your cargo hold.`
```

				decline
			label weapon_telis_gun
			action
				outfit "Ka'het Ravager Beam" 4
				outfit "Ka'het Annihilator Turret" 5
			`	The front of this Telis'het appears to have been set up to focus on hull damage: a long series of Ravager Beams show prominently, plus a number of Annihilator Turrets on the back. You disconnect them from their base plates, making sure not to damage any of its fragile targeting system, and move them all to your cargo hold.`
				decline
			label weapon_telis_EMP
			action
				outfit "Ka'het EMP Deployer" 4
				outfit "Ka'het Annihilator Turret"
				outfit "Ka'het Ravager Turret" 4
				outfit "EMP Torpedo" 64

> 			`	The front of this Telis'het appears to have been set up for electronic warfare: a long series of EMP Deployers with their storage rack show prominently, plus a number of Ravager Turrets on the back. You disconnect them from their base plates, making sure not to damage any of its fragile targeting system, and move them all to your cargo hold.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	The front of this Telis'het appears to have been set up for electronic warfare: a long series of EMP Deployers with their storage rack show prominently, plus a number of Ravager Turrets on the back. You disconnect them from their base plates, making sure not to damage any of their fragile targeting systems, and move them all to your cargo hold.`
```

			choice
				`	(Continue the descent.)`
				`	(Stop your ship and prepare for a fight.)`
				`	(Turn around and leave.)`
					depart
			`	A few seconds pass before the proximity alert starts playing again. And this time, you see it. You shine your ship's floodlights at it, and the clear, translucent figure of a partly cloaked Ka'het shows up in front of you. It appears to be flickering, with its various sections becoming more and less transparent seemingly at random.`
			`	Even stranger, it isn't facing toward you, nor does it appear to have reacted in any way. It is simply floating next to you, slowly descending as it puffs clouds of vapor out of its upper body. There doesn't seem to be anything indicating that it might be ready to attack, though this could change in a matter of seconds.`
			choice
				`	(Take your chance and attack it.)`
					to display
						"armament deterrence" > 0
					goto attack
				`	(Come closer, carefully.)`
				`	(Keep your distance.)`
				`	(Turn around and leave.)`
					depart

> 			`	Minutes pass, and the Maeri'het continues to show no reaction of any kind to your presence. By the time you complete a fly-around you both have almost reached the ground; a few metallic panels detach from the shell of the Ka'het just as it touches down, and a set of balloons start inflating out of the resulting holes.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	Minutes pass, and the Maeri'het continues to show no reaction of any kind to your presence. By the time you complete a fly-around, you both have almost reached the ground; a few metallic panels detach from the Ka'het's shell just as it touches down, and balloons start inflating out of the resulting holes.`
```

			label dead
			`	The Ka'het at last emits an uncomfortably loud whistle, reducing in intensity over the minutes pass until disappearing completely. It sits motionless at the bottom of what looks like a dry riverbed, surrounded by nothing but you and the calm night sky.`
			choice
				`	(Report it to the Remnant.)`
					goto report
				`	(Blow it into pieces.)`
					to display
						"armament deterrence" > 0
					goto blow
				`	(Land next to it and don your EVA suit.)`
			`	You instinctively check your sidearm with your hand while walking down the stairway, knowing well how futile it would be in this situation. Despite being the smallest type of Ka'het you have seen, the Maeri'het remains intimidatingly large. No longer cloaked, you notice a fluid coming down from its sides, starting right from the slug itself. It covers the entire landing zone, and some of it has almost reached your ship.`

> 			`	For an instant, you entertain the thought of looting its outfits. But as if it was reading your mind, the Maeri'het hits you with another cloud of warm, pale vapor, making your suit send an overheat warning. Defeated, you turn around and climb back to your cockpit.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	For an instant, you entertain the thought of looting its outfits. But as if it was reading your mind, the Maeri'het hits you with another cloud of warm, pale vapor, triggering your suit's overheat warning. Defeated, you turn around and climb back to your cockpit.`
```

			label what
			`	"The Ka'het, as you know, are part mechanical and part biological. What may be news to you, however, is their biological self is suppressed most of the time: we have been able to determine that their stellar navigation and system management is completely left to their programming," he signs, with an unusual look of aversion in his eyes.`
			`	"Still, like most biological beings, after their nominal lifetime of hundreds of years, they can start dying of old age. When this happens, they enter a hibernation state, calling for a Builder in the hope of being rescued. Of course, no help is coming.`
			`	"We have observed," he continues while reading from a datapad, "other Ka'het try to patch them up as best as they can after some time, presumably following their own programming to do so. It is very unusual to find the corpse of one just laying there alone. We are interested in more or less anything that cannot be extracted from the carcass of one of their kind. Memory banks, logic terminals, and in general, all parts of their mechanical brain that usually will not survive critical battle damage."`

> 			`	Despite the sign language, you notice that he seems strikingly halfhearted compared to the previous times you have encountered him. As he heads toward his Gull, the Late Season Dancing, you can't help but wonder why.`

Reviewer 4: I think this might be telling the player what they're thinking a bit. The player will wonder anyway from the first sentence:
```suggestion
			`	Despite the sign language, you notice that he seems strikingly halfhearted compared to the previous times you have encountered him. He heads toward his Gull, the Late Season Dancing.`
```

				decline

mission "Ka'het: Death in the Graveyard 3"
	landing
	name "Angry Ka'het"
	description "Destroy the Telis'het in <system> to prevent it from destroying the Maeri'het on the surface of <planet>."
	to offer
		has "Ka'het: Death in the Graveyard 1: done"
	on offer
		conversation
			`It's daytime now. Flying in formation with the Late Season Dancing, you spot the Maeri'het on the ground easily: it has spread a pair of enormous solar wings, at least thrice as long as the body of the Ka'het itself. A look at your radar reveals more, however. There is a second Ka'het standing above the downed one, classified by your IFF as a Telis.`
			`	"It is trying to reanimate the Maeri'het," Plume chants over the intercom, "but I do not think it can do so. It has been too long since you found it for repairs to have any effect." Among the smoke clouds you distinguish pairs of tiny arms protrude from the bottom of the Telis'het, pressing all over the corpse below it. Your ship records some electric shocks move between the two, but the Maeri'het does not react.`
			choice
				`	"Let's wait for it to leave then."`
				`	"Should I engage it?"`
					goto engage

> 			`	"Ah, it is not that easy. Its programming may be telling it to heal it, but the slug will grow more frustrated with each failed attempt. You see, one of the functions left under the control of the biological side is the combat. It may not be able to decide to stop trying to heal it, but it can decide to register it as a foe, destroy it, and then leave freely as if it was never there," he concludes with a cold chant.`

Reviewer 4: Reducing number of "its":
```suggestion
			`	"It is not that easy. Its programming may be telling it to heal the Maeri'het, but the slug will grow more frustrated with each failed attempt. You see, one of the functions left under the control of the biological side is combat. It may not be able to decide to stop trying to heal it, but it can decide to register the Maeri'het as a foe, destroy it, and then leave freely as if it were never there," he concludes with a cold chant.`
```

			`	Half an hour passes without either of the Ka'het making a move. Then, right after your external sensors record a low hum, the Telis lifts up in the air and rotates upside down. It fires three times: one beam to each side of the head, and another in the middle of the abdomen. Had the Maeri'het not started to collapse in upon itself, most of the outfits would have probably survived intact.`
			`	When the spectacle is over, you command the autopilot back toward orbit and leave before the Telis decides to engage you as well.`
				flee
	npc kill
		government "Ka'het"
		personality harvests launching mining plunders staying target
		ship "Telis'het" "So-oss'het"
		dialog "You have destroyed the Ka'het ship. You can now return to <planet> to meet up with Plume."
	on visit
		dialog `You try to return to the Maeri'het, but the Telis follows you! You need to destroy it if you want to approach safely.`

mission "Ka'het: Death in the Graveyard 4A"
	landing
	name "Disassembled Ka'het"
	description "Escort Plume and his crew back to <destination> safely while they transport the Ka'het components gathered during the mission on <origin>."
	destination "Aventine"

> 	to offer

Author: I felt like it was not necessary - the mission will still give you the cargo, the game will just make you sell what goes over your cargo capacity before lifting off

			`	The largest components have been moved atop some sort of anti-gravity plating, lifting them above the terrain but otherwise requiring a human to push them somewhere. You give the Remnant a hand transporting a few pieces out of the carcass; despite the help of the plating, their sheer inertia makes the activity exhausting. Once inside their Gull, the Remnant couple the Ka'het machinery with the adapters onboard and power them with their instrumentation.`
			`	"According to the transponder, its name was Nona-caci'het," reveals Plume. "It had lived for just over 500 years, almost as long as we Remnant have existed. It fought thousands of battles, the last of which," he reads stoically from a datapad, "was with another Maeri'het just over two months ago. Since then, the only other lifeform it has seen was when it descended into a planetary atmosphere to shell a few specimens of an amphibian animal it classified as foe."`
			choice
				`	"Why did it die?"`
				`	"I did not know they did that."`
					goto foe
				`	"Are its outfits intact?"`
					goto skip

> 			`	"Ah, hard to say. They suffer so much battle damage over their lifetime that their entire bodies get covered with patches and scars. Still, we have run some scans so that the laboratory back on <planet> can determine more."`

Reviewer: "lifetimes" plural?

				goto honest
			label foe
			`	"Oh, not only they do, but the vast majority of Ka'het attack victims are animals on the ground. Countless species have been driven to extinction over the past tens of thousands of years by their hunting. For the foreseeable future, the Graveyard will continue to live up to its name."`
			label honest
			`	He shrugs. "I have a hard time considering the Ka'het the same way as most lifeforms. They do not follow any of the rules that constrain evolution: they do not collaborate, they do not take part in a food chain, and what's more, they do not even reproduce! Their internal organs are not set up like a living being, but like a spaceship, shaped for ease of maintenance and replacement.`

> 			`	"Void Sprite research has only restarted recently, as you know well. As such, the typical curriculum of a xenobiologist is focused on symbionts, Korath, creatures indigenous of Ember Waste planets, and lastly the Ka'het. But in reality, little of the design or behavior of a Ka'het can be described by biology. Most of the discoveries in that field were done decades, if not centuries ago - it is a straightforward, even mechanical, design. There is a reason that our engineers can choose to specialize in the Ka'het, while there is no branch of xenobiology covering it in detail."`

Author: Very good! While I am not sure if the Ka'het factories can change into something meaninfully different (probably not, but it is interesting and there is no reason to decide now), your understanding is correct and I have taken note of the rest for later reference

	on complete
		conversation
			branch rifle
				has "Remnant: Face to Maw 2B: offered"
			`You wait for Plume next to the ramp of his Gull. When you see him, he is discussing the destination of the Ka'het machinery with another Remnant. "Oh, Captain," he turns to you contentedly, "Thank you once again for your help. I have been trying to make some arrangements in order to simplify things in the future. The technician I was just speaking with has shown interest in the Ka'het, and kindly accepted the job of putting their machinery in safe storage whenever you bring more of it."`
				goto how
			label rifle
			`You wait for Plume next to the ramp of his Gull. When you see him, he is discussing the destination of the Ka'het machinery with another Remnant, whom you recognize as the man who had helped you with your Void Rifle. "Oh, Captain," Plume turns to you contentedly, "Thank you once again for your help. I have been trying to make some arrangements in order to simplify things in the future. The technician I was just speaking with has shown interest in the Ka'het, and kindly accepted the job of putting their machinery in safe storage whenever you bring more of it."`
			label how

> 			`	He hands you a small data crystal, shaped like an icosahedron. "This contains a series of short videos on how to use the tools in a Research Laboratory, if you were to be carrying one aboard, to extract some of the most essential components out of a hibernated Ka'het. You will need practice, of course, but the procedure is really not too dissimilar from that of looting a standard ship. If it happens again, as long as you leave 40 to 50 tons of space in your payload bay, you will be able to do most of what we did today without wasting a second to call us!"`

Author: I'd keep it, it's not exactly the same either

			`	After spending some more time discussing the procedure to follow the next time you encounter a hibernated Ka'het, you bid each other farewell with a short bow and part ways.`
	on visit
		dialog `You have returned to <planet>, but Plume's Gull hasn't arrived yet.`
	npc accompany save
		government "Remnant"
		personality timid launching escort
		ship "Gull" "Late Season Dancing"

mission "Ka'het: Death in the Graveyard 4B"
	invisible
	landing
	source
		government "Remnant"
	to offer
		has "Ka'het: Death in the Graveyard 3: declined"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`As you are about to leave the cockpit, the screen atop the transponder starts beeping. It is a message from Plume. "Captain <first>, I have been trying to make some arrangements in order to simplify things in the future. I am transmitting you a series of short videos on how to use the tools in a Research Laboratory, if you were to be carrying one aboard, to extract the most important components out of a hibernated Ka'het. You will need practice, of course, but the procedure is really not too dissimilar from that of looting a standard ship. They are going to be some heavy pieces; I recommend leaving at least 40 or 50 tons of cargo space free for such an eventuality.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`As you are about to leave the cockpit, the screen atop the transponder starts beeping. It is a message from Plume. "Captain <first>, I have been trying to make some arrangements in order to simplify things in the future. I am transmitting you a series of short videos on how to use the tools in a Research Laboratory, if you were to be carrying one aboard, to extract the most important components out of a hibernated Ka'het. You will need practice, of course, but the procedure is not dissimilar from that of looting a standard ship. They are going to be some heavy pieces; I recommend leaving at least 40 or 50 tons of cargo space free for such an eventuality.`
```

			branch rifle
				has "Remnant: Face to Maw 2B: offered"
			`	"I have assigned one of our technicians to handle the Ka'het machinery you might bring us." The picture and ID of a Remnant appears on screen, but you don't recognize him. "May the Embers bring more success in our future endeavors!"`
				decline
			label rifle
			`	"I have assigned one of our technicians to handle the Ka'het machinery you might bring us." The picture and ID of a Remnant appears on screen: he is the same person that had previously helped you with your Void Rifle. "May the Embers bring more success in our future endeavors!"`
				decline

mission "Ka'het: Another Death in the Graveyard 0"
	invisible
	repeat
	landing
	deadline 7
	source
		planet "Celeatis" "Eavine" "Palarei" "Siteria" "Alix" "Retilie" "Osaeli"

> 	to offer

Reviewer: So, if you blew up the original one and seized the raw materials, then you'll never find another? 

Seems incongruous.

Reviewer: I was referring to the branch where you blow up the original one without calling the Remnant, harvesting some neodymium and iron and copper. It seems like that wouldn't necessarily stop more from appearing?

Author: changed to defer

Reviewer: The materials are given to you `on decline`, though?

Author: Right. Moved to an action node

		clear "ka'het: telis"
		clear "ka'het: vareti"
		payment 100000
		dialog
			`You meet up with the Remnant technician at the indicated coordinates and drop the cargo you have gathered one by one. After you're done, he thanks you with a short bow and quickly disappears behind a hangar door.`
	on fail
		clear "ka'het: maeri"
		clear "ka'het: telis"
		clear "ka'het: vareti"

mission "Ka'het: Another Death in the Graveyard 1B"
	invisible
	repeat
	landing
	deadline 4
	source
		planet "Celeatis" "Eavine" "Palarei" "Siteria" "Alix" "Retilie" "Osaeli"
	to offer
		has "Ka'het: Another Death in the Graveyard 0: active"
	to accept
		has "outfit (flagship installed): Research Laboratory"
	to complete
		has "ka'het: dead in the graveyard"
	on complete
		clear "ka'het: dead in the graveyard"
		conversation
			`With the Ka'het destroyed, you return to the site where the other slug lies defenseless. While the battle did not touch it, you notice that a number of components show superficial damage, either due to your extraction job or previous battle damage. It would be best to focus on looting just one area and disregarding the rest to avoid risking its collapse.`
			choice

> 				`	(Loot its energy generators.)`

Author: See above, the mission mechanics give you outfits beyond your cargo capacity just fine (requiring you to sell what goes over the maximum before liftoff)
